[Term Entry] Go String Functions Trim() (#2669)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/strings/terms/trim/trim.md

---
Title: 'Trim()'

> Description: 'Removes leading and trailing specified characters from a string.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Removes leading and trailing characters from a string based on the given input.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Trim()`** function removes leading and trailing specified characters from a string. The `strings` library must be imported in order to use this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Trim()`** function removes leading and trailing characters from a string based on the given input. The `strings` library must be imported in order to use this function.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
trimmed := strings.Trim(str, cutset)
```

> Where `str` is the input string from which the leading and trailing characters are to be removed, `cutset` is a string containing the characters to be removed, and `trimmed` is the resulting string after trimming.

Reviewer: I would suggest reformatting this as a list-
- `str`: The input string from which the leading and trailing characters are to be removed.
- etc

## Example

The following removes leading and trailing whitespace characters from a string and prints the result:

```go
package main

import (
  "fmt"
  "strings"
)

func main() {
  str := "   Hello, World!   "
  trimmed := strings.Trim(str, " ")
  fmt.Println(trimmed)
}
```

The output will be:

```shell
Hello, World!
```

## Codebyte Example

> The following runnable example shows the usage of the `Trim()` function to remove specific characters from a string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following runnable example uses the `Trim()` function to remove specific characters from a string:
```
